[Docs] delete unused cfg value `lora_out_dir` (#1029)
OpenAccess-AI-Collective/axolotl: README.md

# If you want to use 'lora' or 'qlora' or leave blank to train all parameters in original model
adapter: lora
# If you already have a lora model trained that you want to load, put that here.
# This means after training, if you want to test the model, you should set this to the value of `output_dir`.

> # Note that if you merge an adapter to the base model, a new subdirectory `merged` will be created under the original directory, which you will want to use instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note that if you merge an adapter to the base model, a new subdirectory `merged` will be created under the `output_dir`.
```

Reviewer: Please also add info to find the merged model within `{output_dir}/merged` folder in the `### Merge LORA to base` section for visibility. I had some people ask where to find the final model.

Author: @NanoCode012 I have some questions about that section (`### Merge LORA ...`).  I'll message you on discord

Author: I'll merge this and then work on that section after I confirm it works like I think it does
